Privacy Policy
FreeUtils built the [SuperUtil] app as a Free app. This SERVICE is provided by FreeUtils at no cost and is intended for use as is.

This page is used to inform visitors regarding our policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use our Service.

If you choose to use our Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that we collect is used for providing and improving the Service. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.

The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, which is accessible at [SuperUtil] unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.

Information Collection and Use

For a better experience, while using our Service, we may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information. The information that we request will be retained by us and used as described in this privacy policy.

The app does use third party services that may collect information used to identify you.

Link to privacy policy of third party service providers used by the app

Google Play Services
AdMob
Log Data

We want to inform you that whenever you use our Service, in a case of an error in the app we collect data and information (through third party products) on your phone called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your device Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, device name, operating system version, the configuration of the app when utilizing our Service, the time and date of your use of the Service, and other statistics.

Cookies

Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are commonly used as anonymous unique identifiers. These are sent to your browser from the websites that you visit and are stored on your device's internal memory.

This Service does not use these “cookies” explicitly. However, the app may use third party code and libraries that use “cookies” to collect information and improve their services. You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies and know when a cookie is being sent to your device. If you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of this Service.

Service Providers

We may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons:

To facilitate our Service;
To provide the Service on our behalf;
To perform Service-related services; or
To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
We want to inform users of this Service that these third parties have access to your Personal Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.

Security

We value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot guarantee its absolute security.

Links to Other Sites

This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by us. Therefore, we strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.

Children’s Privacy

These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. In the case we discover that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information, we immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact us so that we will be able to do necessary actions.

Changes to This Privacy Policy

We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page.




hellotokenworld 개인정보 취급방침

1. 개인정보 수집이용 목적

hellotokenworld 개인정보 수집 목적은 뉴스전달 서비스를 제공하기 위함이며, 회사는 서비스 제공을 원활하게 하기 위해 필요한 최소한의 정보만을 수집하고 있습니다. 
hellotokenworld 개인정보를 수집, 이용목적 이외에 다른 용도로 이용하거나 회원의 동의 없이 제3자에게 이를 제공하지 않습니다.

2. 개인정보 수집항목

hellotokenworld 뉴스전달 구독 서비스를 제공하기 위해 다음과 같은 개인정보를 수집하고 있습니다. 
hellotokenworld 개인의 주민등록번호 및 아이핀 정보를 받지 않습니다.
가. 개인정보 항목 필수항목: 페이스북 ID 및 페이스북에서 제공하는 정보. 다만, 서비스 이용과정에서 서비스 이용기록, 접속 로그, 접속 IP 정보 등이 생성되어 수집될 수 있습니다.
나. 수집방법: 구독시 웹 페이지를 통한 방법, 페이지 챗봇을 통한 방법, 페이스북 광고 및 기타 광고를 통한 아이디 수집가능성이 있다.

3. 개인정보 보유 및 이용기간

hellotokenworld 원칙적으로 개인정보 수집 및 이용목적이 달성된 후에는 해당 개인정보를 지체 없이 파기합니다. 단, 관계법령의 규정에 의하여 보존할 필요가 있는 경우 회사는 아래와 같이 관계법령에서 정한 일정한 기간 동안 회원 개인정보를 보관합니다.

본인확인에 관한 기록보존
보존근거: 정보통신망 이용촉진 및 정보보호에 관한 법률 제44조의5 및 시행령 제29조
보존기간: 6개월
기타, 회원의 개별적인 동의가 있는 경우에는 개별 동의에 따른 기간까지 보관합니다.

4. 개인정보 제3자 제공

hellotokenworld 회원들의 개인정보를 개인정보의 수집이용 목적에서 고지한 범위 내에서 사용하며, 회원의 사전 동의 없이 동 범위를 초과하여 이용하거나 원칙적으로 회원의 개인정보를 제 3자에게 제공하지 않습니다. 단, 아래의 경우에는 예외로 합니다.
회원들이 사전에 공개 또는 제3자 제공에 동의한 경우
법령의 규정에 의거하나, 수사, 조사 목적으로 법령에 정해진 절차와 방법에 따라 수사기관 및 감독 당국의 요구가 있는 경우 

5. Android 광고 ID 사용

Google Play 서비스 버전 4.0에서는 광고 및 분석 제공업체에서 사용할 수 있는 새 API 및 ID를 도입했습니다. 이러한 ID 사용에 대한 약관은 아래와 같습니다.

사용: Android 광고 식별자는 광고 및 사용자 분석에만 사용해야 합니다. 각 ID 액세스에서 '관심기반 광고 선택 해제' 또는 '광고 맞춤설정 선택 해제' 설정 상태를 확인해야 합니다.
개인 식별 정보 또는 기타 식별자와 연결: 광고 식별자는 사용자의 명시적인 동의 없이 개인 식별 정보에 연결되거나 영구적인 기기 식별자(예: SSAID, MAC 주소, IMEI, 등)에 연결되면 안 됩니다.
사용자 선택 존중: 재설정 시 사용자의 명시적인 동의 없이 새 광고 식별자를 기존 광고 식별자 또는 기존 광고 식별자에서 파생된 데이터에 연결하면 안 됩니다. 또한 사용자의 '관심기반 광고 선택 해제' 또는 '광고 맞춤설정 선택 해제' 설정도 준수해야 합니다. 사용자가 이 설정을 사용하는 경우 광고 식별자를 사용하여 광고 목적으로 사용자 프로필을 만들거나 맞춤 광고로 사용자를 타겟팅하면 안 됩니다. 허용되는 작업에는 문맥 광고, 게재빈도 설정, 전환 추적, 보고 및 보안, 사기 감지 등이 있습니다.
사용자에 대한 투명성: 광고 식별자의 수집과 사용 및 이러한 약관을 준수하기 위한 노력은 법적으로 적합한 개인정보 보호 고지를 통해 사용자에게 공개되어야 합니다. Google의 개인정보 보호 기준에 대해 자세히 알아보려면 사용자 데이터 정책을 검토하시기 바랍니다.
이용약관 준수: 광고 식별자는 이러한 약관에 따라서만 사용할 수 있으며 여기에는 비즈니스 과정에서 식별자를 공유할 수 있는 모든 관계자의 약관도 포함됩니다. 2014년 8월 1일부터 Google Play에 업로드되는 모든 업데이트 및 새 앱에서는 광고 용도에 다른 기기 식별자 대신 광고 ID를 사용해야 합니다(기기에서 사용할 수 있는 경우).
